{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb120\sa120\b\f0\fs28 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\par
MICROSOFT WINDOWS SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT FOR WINDOWS 7 and .NET FRAMEWORK 4.0\par
\b0\fs19 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.\~ Please read them.\~ They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.\~ The terms also apply to any Microsoft\b\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b0\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 updates,\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 supplements,\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Internet-based services, and \par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 support services\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.\~ If so, those terms apply.\b\par
BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.\~ IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.\par
If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\kerning36\f3\fs20 1.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.\~ \par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\kerning0 a.\~\~\~\~\~ Installation and Use.\~ \b0 You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices to design, develop and test your programs that run on a Microsoft Windows operating system.  Further, you may install, use and/or deploy via a network management system or as part of a desktop image, any number of copies of the software on computer devices within your internal corporate network to design, develop and test your programs that run on a Microsoft Windows operating system.\~ Each copy must be complete, including all copyright and trademark notices.\~ You must require end users to agree to the terms that protect the software as much as these License terms.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 b.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Included Microsoft Programs.\b0\~ The software contains other Microsoft programs.\~ These license terms apply to your use of those programs.\b  \par
\kerning36\f3\fs20 2.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\kerning0\f3\fs20 a.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Distributable Code.\b0\~ The software contains code that you are permitted to distribute in programs you develop if you comply with the terms below.\b\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\fs20 i.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Right to Use and Distribute.\b0\~ The code and text files listed below are \ldblquote Distributable Code.\rdblquote\b\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\b0\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \ul\f0\fs19 REDIST.TXT Files\ulnone .\~ You may copy and distribute the object code form of code listed in REDIST.TXT files, plus any files listed on the REDIST list located at \f2\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=185268&clcid=0x409"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=185268&clcid=0x409}}}\f2\fs20 .\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\f1\fs19\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \ul\f0\fs19 Sample Code\ulnone .\~ You may modify, copy, and distribute the source and object code form of code marked as \ldblquote sample.\rdblquote\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\f1\'b7\tab\ul\f0 Sample Code for Microsoft Bing Maps AJAX Control\ulnone .  The software contains sample code that makes use of the Bing Maps AJAX Control.  Your use and access of the Bing Maps AJAX Control is subject to the \ldblquote Microsoft Bing Maps Platform API\rquote s Terms of Use\rdblquote  which is located at:  \f2\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=185267&clcid=0x409"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=185267&clcid=0x409}}}\f0\fs19 .  \par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \ul\f0\fs19 Microsoft Merge Modules\ulnone .\~ You may copy and distribute the unmodified output of Microsoft Merge Modules.\ul\par
\ulnone\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \ul\f0\fs19 Third Party Distribution\ulnone .\~ You may permit distributors of your programs to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those programs.\ul\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\ulnone\b\fs20 ii.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Distribution Requirements\b0 .\~ For any Distributable Code you distribute, you must\b\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\b0\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 add significant primary functionality to it in your programs;\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 for any Distributable Code having a filename extension of .lib, distribute only the results of running such Distributable Code through a linker with your application;\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 distribute Distributable Code included in a setup program only as part of that setup program without modification;\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as much as this agreement; \par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 display your valid copyright notice on your programs; \par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 for Distributable Code from the Windows Media Services SDK portions of the software, include in your program\rquote s Help-About box (or in another obvious place if there is no box) the following copyright notice:\~ \ldblquote Portions utilize Microsoft Windows Media Technologies.\~ Copyright (c) 2006 Microsoft Corporation.\~ All Rights Reserved\rdblquote ; and\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, including attorneys\rquote  fees, related to the distribution or use of your programs.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\b\fs20 iii.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Distribution Restrictions.\~ \b0 You may not\b\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\b0\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Distributable Code; \par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 use Microsoft\rquote s trademarks in your programs\rquote  names or in a way that suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft; \par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 distribute Distributable Code to run on a platform other than the Windows platform;\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 include Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs; or\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License.\~ An Excluded License is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution, that\par
\pard\fi-357\li1792\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or \par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 others have the right to modify it.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 b.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Additional Functionality.\~ \b0 Microsoft may provide additional functionality for the software.\~ Other license terms and fees may apply.\b\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\kerning36\f3\fs20 3.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 INTERNET-BASED SERVICES.\~ \b0 Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software.\~ It may change or cancel them at any time. You may not use this service in any way that could harm it or impair anyone else\rquote s use of it.\~ You may not use the service to try to gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account or network by any means.\b\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\f3\fs20 4.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \caps\f0\fs19 Scope of License\caps0 .\b0\~ The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.\~ Microsoft reserves all other rights.\~ Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.\~ In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.\~ For more information, see \kerning0\f2\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\kerning36\ul\fs19 www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19 .\~ You may not\b\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\kerning0\b0\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 publish the software for others to copy;\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 rent, lease or lend the software; or\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\fs20 5.\tab BACKUP COPY.\b0  You may make one backup copy of the software. You may use it only to reinstall the software.\b\f2\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\kerning36\f3 6.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 DOCUMENTATION.\b0\~ Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\b\par
\f3\fs20 7.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 TRANSFER TO A THIRD PARTY.\~ \b0 The first user of the software may transfer it, and this agreement, directly to a third party.\~ Before the transfer, that party must agree that this agreement applies to the transfer and use of the software.\~ The first user must uninstall the software before transferring it separately from the device.\~ The first user may not retain any copies.\b\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\cf2\f3\fs20 8.\f2\fs14\~ \cf0\caps\f0\fs19 Export Restrictions\caps0 .\b0\~ The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.\~ You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.\~ These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.\~ For additional information, see \kerning0\f2\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.microsoft.com/exporting" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\kerning36\ul\fs19 www.microsoft.com/exporting}}}\f2\fs19 .\cf0\ulnone\b\f0\par
\f3\fs20 9.\f2\fs14\~ \caps\f0\fs19 SUPPORT SERVICES.\caps0  \b0 Because this software is \ldblquote as is,\rdblquote  we may not provide support services for it.\b\par
\f3\fs20 10.\f2\fs14\~ \caps\f0\fs19 Entire Agreement.\b0\caps0\~ This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\b\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\cf2\f3\fs20 11.\f2\fs14\~ \caps\f0\fs19 Applicable Law\caps0 .\cf0\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\kerning0\f3\fs20 a.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 United States.\b0\~ If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.\~ The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\b\par
\f3\fs20 b.\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Outside the United States.\b0\~ If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\b\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\kerning36\caps\f3\fs20 12.\f2\fs14\~ \f0\fs19 Legal Effect.\b0\caps0\~ This agreement describes certain legal rights.\~ You may have other rights under the laws of your country.\~ You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.\~ This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.\b\par
\caps\f3\fs20 13.\f2\fs14\~ \f0\fs19 Disclaimer of Warranty.\caps0\~\~ \caps The software is licensed \ldblquote as-is.\rdblquote\~ You bear the risk of using it.\~ Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions.\~ You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this agreement cannot change.\~ To the extent permitted under your local laws, Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\caps0\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\caps\f3\fs20 14.\f2\fs14\~ \f0\fs19 Limitation on and Exclusion of Remedies and Damages.\~ You can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00.\~ You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.\caps0\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\kerning0\b0 This limitation applies to\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par
\pard\li360\sb120\sa120 It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.\~ The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\par
\pard\b Please note: As this software is distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.\par
\pard\sb240\lang1036 Remarque : Ce logiciel \'e9tant distribu\'e9 au Qu\'e9bec, Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en fran\'e7ais.\lang1033\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1036 EXON\'c9RATION DE GARANTIE.\b0  Le logiciel vis\'e9 par une licence est offert \'ab tel quel \'bb. Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est \'e0 votre seule risque et p\'e9ril. Microsoft n\rquote accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez b\'e9n\'e9ficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection dues consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualit\'e9 marchande, d\rquote ad\'e9quation \'e0 un usage particulier et d\rquote absence de contrefa\'e7on sont exclues.\lang1033\par
\lang1036\b LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INT\'c9R\'caTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILIT\'c9 POUR LES DOMMAGES.\b0\~ Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement \'e0 hauteur de 5,00 $ US. Vous ne pouvez pr\'e9tendre \'e0 aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages sp\'e9ciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de b\'e9n\'e9fices.\lang1033\par
Cette limitation concerne :\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1036\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 tout\~ ce qui est reli\'e9 au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers ; et\lang1033\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1036\f1\'b7\f2\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 les r\'e9clamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilit\'e9 stricte, de n\'e9gligence ou d\rquote une autre faute dans la limite autoris\'e9e par la loi en vigueur.\lang1033\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1036 Elle s\rquote applique \'e9galement, m\'eame si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait conna\'eetre l\rquote\'e9ventualit\'e9 d\rquote un tel dommage.\~ Si votre pays n\rquote autorise pas l\rquote exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilit\'e9 pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l\rquote exclusion ci-dessus ne s\rquote appliquera pas \'e0 votre \'e9gard.\lang1033\par
\lang1036\b EFFET JURIDIQUE.\b0\~ Le pr\'e9sent contrat d\'e9crit certains droits juridiques. Vous pourriez avoir d\rquote autres droits pr\'e9vus par les lois de votre pays.\~ Le pr\'e9sent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous conf\'e8rent les lois de votre pays si celles ci ne le permettent pas.\lang1033\par
\pard\f2\fs20\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1036\fs28\par
\b\par
\pard\lang1033\b0\fs20\par
}
 